# Version 2022.2
Upstream version 2022b released 2022-08-10T22:38:32+00:00

## Briefly:

Chile's DST is delayed by a week in September 2022. Iran no longer observes DST
after 2022. Rename Europe/Kiev to Europe/Kyiv. New zic -R option Vanguard form
now uses %z. Finish moving duplicate-since-1970 zones to 'backzone'. New build
option PACKRATLIST New tailored_tarballs target, replacing rearguard_tarballs

## Changes to future timestamps

Chile's 2022 DST start is delayed from September 4 to September 11. (Thanks to
Juan Correa.)

Iran plans to stop observing DST permanently, after it falls back on 2022-09-21.
(Thanks to Ali Mirjamali.)

## Changes to past timestamps

Finish moving to 'backzone' the location-based zones whose timestamps since 1970
are duplicates; adjust links accordingly. This change ordinarily affects only
pre-1970 timestamps, and with the new PACKRATLIST option it does not affect any
timestamps. In this round the affected zones are Antarctica/Vostok, Asia/Brunei,
Asia/Kuala_Lumpur, Atlantic/Reykjavik, Europe/Amsterdam, Europe/Copenhagen,
Europe/Luxembourg, Europe/Monaco, Europe/Oslo, Europe/Stockholm,
Indian/Christmas, Indian/Cocos, Indian/Kerguelen, Indian/Mahe, Indian/Reunion,
Pacific/Chuuk, Pacific/Funafuti, Pacific/Majuro, Pacific/Pohnpei, Pacific/Wake
and Pacific/Wallis, and the affected links are Arctic/Longyearbyen,
Atlantic/Jan_Mayen, Iceland, Pacific/Ponape, Pacific/Truk, and Pacific/Yap.

From fall 1994 through fall 1995, Shanks wrote that Crimea's DST transitions
were at 02:00 standard time, not at 00:00. (Thanks to Michael Deckers.)

Iran adopted standard time in 1935, not 1946.  In 1977 it observed DST from
03-21 23:00 to 10-20 24:00; its 1978 transitions were on 03-24 and 08-05, not
03-20 and 10-20; and its spring 1979 transition was on 05-27, not 03-21. (Thanks
to Roozbeh Pournader and Francis Santoni.)

Chile's observance of -04 from 1946-08-29 through 1947-03-31 was considered DST,
not standard time.  Santiago and environs had moved their clocks back to rejoin
the rest of mainland Chile; put this change at the end of 1946-08-28.  (Thanks
to Michael Deckers.)

Some old, small clock transitions have been removed, as people at the time did
not change their clocks.  This affects Asia/Hong_Kong in 1904, Asia/Ho_Chi_Minh
in 1906, and Europe/Dublin in 1880.

## Changes to zone name

Rename Europe/Kiev to Europe/Kyiv, as "Kyiv" is more common in English now.
Spelling of other names in Ukraine has not yet demonstrably changed in common
English practice so for now these names retain old spellings, as in other
countries (e.g., Europe/Prague not "Praha", and Europe/Sofia not "Sofiya").