# Version 2022.6
Upstream version 2022f released 2022-10-29T01:04:57+00:00

## Briefly:

Mexico will no longer observe DST except near the US border. Chihuahua moves to
year-round -06 on 2022-10-30. Fiji no longer observes DST. Move links to
'backward'. In vanguard form, GMT is now a Zone and Etc/GMT a link. zic now
supports links to links, and vanguard form uses this. Simplify four Ontario
zones. Fix a Y2438 bug when reading TZif data. Enable 64-bit time_t on 32-bit
glibc platforms. Omit large-file support when no longer needed. In C code, use
some C23 features if available. Remove no-longer-needed workaround for Qt bug
53071.

## Changes to future timestamps.

Mexico will no longer observe DST after 2022, except for areas near the US
border that continue to observe US DST rules. On 2022-10-30 at 02:00 the Mexican
state of Chihuahua moves from -07 (-06 with DST) to year-round -06, thus not
changing its clocks that day.  The new law states that Chihuahua near the US
border no longer observes US DST.

Fiji will not observe DST in 2022/3.  (Thanks to Shalvin Narayan.) For now,
assume DST is suspended indefinitely.

## Changes to data

Move links to 'backward' to ease and simplify link maintenance. This affects
generated data only if you use 'make BACKWARD='.

GMT is now a Zone and Etc/GMT a link instead of vice versa, as GMT is needed for
leap second support whereas Etc/GMT is not. However, this change exposes a bug
in TZUpdater 2.3.2 so it is present only in vanguard form for now.

Vanguard form now uses links to links, as zic now supports this.

## Changes to past timestamps

Simplify four Ontario zones, as most of the post-1970 differences seem to have
been imaginary.  (Problem reported by Chris Walton.) Move America/Nipigon,
America/Rainy_River, and America/Thunder_Bay to 'backzone'; backward-
compatibility links still work, albeit with some different timestamps before
November 2005.