# Version 2022.7
Upstream version 2022g released 2022-11-29T16:58:31+00:00

## Briefly:

The northern edge of Chihuahua changes to US timekeeping. Much of Greenland
stops changing clocks after March 2023. Fix some pre-1996 timestamps in northern
Canada. C89 is now deprecated; please use C99 or later. Portability fixes for
AIX, libintl, MS-Windows, musl, z/OS In C code, use more C23 features if
available. C23 timegm now supported by default Fixes for unlikely integer
overflows

## Changes to future timestamps

In the Mexican state of Chihuahua, the border strip near the US will change to
agree with nearby US locations on 2022-11-30. The strip's western part,
represented by Ciudad Juárez, switches from -06 all year to -07/-06 with US DST
rules, like El Paso, TX. The eastern part, represented by Ojinaga, will observe
US DST next year, like Presidio, TX.  (Thanks to Heitor David Pinto.) A new Zone
America/Ciudad_Juarez splits from America/Ojinaga.

Much of Greenland, represented by America/Nuuk, stops observing winter time
after March 2023, so its daylight saving time becomes standard time.  (Thanks to
Jonas Nyrup and Jürgen Appel.)

## Changes to past timestamps

Changes for pre-1996 northern Canada (thanks to Chris Walton):

Merge America/Iqaluit and America/Pangnirtung into the former, with a backward
compatibility link for the latter name. There is no good evidence the two
locations differ since 1970. This change affects pre-1996 America/Pangnirtung
timestamps.

Cambridge Bay, Inuvik, Iqaluit, Rankin Inlet, Resolute and Yellowknife did not
observe DST in 1965, and did observe DST from 1972 through 1979.

Whitehorse moved from -09 to -08 on 1966-02-27, not 1967-05-28.

Colombia's 1993 fallback was 02-06 24:00, not 04-04 00:00. (Thanks to Alois
Treindl.)

Singapore's 1981-12-31 change was at 16:00 UTC (23:30 local time), not 24:00
local time.  (Thanks to Geoff Clare via Robert Elz.)